Architecture: delayed inbox (#110)
etherlinkcom/docs: docs/network/delayed-inbox.md

1. Preconfirmation is given in less than 1 second.
1. The transaction is part of a blueprint and published to L1.
1. The transaction is validated by rollup nodes, 20s to 60sec later.

If you use the delayed inbox, the general workflow is rather:
1. The transaction is sent directly to the L1.
1. The transaction is picked by rollup node and added to a specific storage "delayed-inbox".
1. The sequencer monitors this this storage to discover new delayed transactions.
1. The sequencer includes the potential delayed transaction using its hash.
1. When the blueprint including a delayed transaction is published and validated by the
rollup nodes, the transaction is removed from the delayed inbox storage.

### Briding assets

As described in the bridge section (todo link), Etherlink handles tickets forwarded from
the Tezos L1. Therefore, it's not possible to simply ask the sequencer to bridge your assets
on Etherlink. One kind of delayed inbox transaction is a `Deposit` request, when a deposit
is included on the L1, they are added to the delayed inbox by the rollup nodes. Then the sequencer
picks the deposits and include them in the block.

### Overcoming censorship

> If the sequencer refuses to include your transaction for some reasons, the transaction can
> be submitted via the delayed inbox.
> 
> The transaction must be transmitted via the "delayed bridge", a Tezos smart contract:
> 1. Deployement on mainnet: [KT1AZeXH8qUdLMfwN2g7iwiYYSZYG4RrwhCj](https://better-call.dev/mainnet/KT1AZeXH8qUdLMfwN2g7iwiYYSZYG4RrwhCj)
> 1. Deployement on ghostnet: [TODO](TODO)
> 
> It's a special contract that takes two parameters:
> 1. The Smart Rollup address of Etherlink.
> 1. The rlp encoded transaction as bytes.
> 
> When an user calls this contract it essentialy does two things:
> 1. Charge the user 1XTZ to prevent spam on the network. The value 1XTZ is hardcoded and subject
> to evolution in the future.
> 2. Forwards the transaction to the Etherlink Smart Rollup via the inbox.
> 
> The contract is whitelisted in the storage of the Etherlink Smart Rollup, and everytime
> a transaction comes from this contract, it is added to the delayed inbox. Which can be picked
> up by the sequencer later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the sequencer refuses to include a transaction for some reasons, the user can submit the transaction via the delayed inbox.
To put a transaction in the delayed inbox, the user sends the transaction to the "delayed bridge" contract on Tezos layer 1:

- Deployment on mainnet: [KT1AZeXH8qUdLMfwN2g7iwiYYSZYG4RrwhCj](https://better-call.dev/mainnet/KT1AZeXH8qUdLMfwN2g7iwiYYSZYG4RrwhCj)
- Deployment on ghostnet: [TODO](TODO)

This contract accepts two parameters:
- The address of the Etherlink Smart Rollup
- The RLP-encoded transaction in bytes

The user must include 1XTZ with the transaction as an anti-spam measure.
This value is hard-coded but could change in the future.

Then the contract forwards the transaction to the Etherlink Smart Rollup.
The delayed bridge contract is allowlisted in the storage of the Etherlink Smart Rollup, so when a transaction comes from this contract, Etherlink automatically adds it to the delayed inbox for the sequencer to process.
```

Reviewer: ^ How does the contract forward the transaction to the Smart Rollup? From the description above, I assumed that this contract would put the transaction directly into the delayed inbox. Is it a regular message in the regular Smart Rollup inbox, not the delayed inbox?

### What if the sequencer ignores the delayed inbox?

> If a transaction makes it to the delayed inbox, it **must** be included by the sequencer in
> a reasonable time. If the delayed transaction has not been included in **12** hours and
> at least 1600 L1 blocks, it will be forced automatically.
> 
> Note: it's at least 1600 L1 blocks in order to be resilient to a L1 issue, if the network is
> stopped for some reasons, we do not want to impact the sequencer if it is behaving correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a transaction makes it to the delayed inbox via the delayed bridge contract, it **must** be included by the sequencer in a reasonable time.
If the delayed transaction has not been included in **12** hours and 1600 L1 blocks, Etherlink includes it automatically.
This delay is to allow the sequencer to continue operating normally during short layer 1 delays as long as it is behaving correctly.
```

> Forcing the inclusion of delayed inbox works as the following:
> 1. Everytime the kernel is executed by the rollup node (at every Tezos level), it checks
> if one transaction should be forced.
> 1. If one transaction needs to be forced, all transactions present in the delayed inbox
> are popped. These transactions form a new block produced by the kernel and not by the sequencer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the delay has passed and the sequencer has still not included a transaction in the delayed inbox, Etherlink includes it automatically, according to this mechanism:

1. When Etherlink Smart Rollup nodes run the Etherlink kernel at every Tezos level, they check for transactions that have been in the delayed inbox longer than the delay.
1. If any transaction needs to be forced, the nodes retrieve all transactions in the delayed inbox, even if they haven't been in the delayed inbox longer than the delay.
1. The nodes package these transactions into a new blueprint and process the transactions in the same way as they process transactions in blueprints that come from the sequencer.
```

> The delayed inbox has therefore precedence over the sequencer. That also mean that if one block
> is produced by the kernel another branch will be created, the sequencer and the rollup node will
> diverge. It becomes the responsibility of the sequencer to reorganize itself to build blocks
> on top of the forced one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this way, transactions in the delayed inbox take precedence over the sequencer.
If the kernel (via the Smart Rollup nodes) generate a blueprint, that blueprint results in a new branch of the Etherlink chain, and the states of the sequencer and the Smart Rollup nodes diverge.
It becomes the responsibility of the sequencer to reorganize itself to build blueprints on top of the kernel-generated blueprint.
```
